Attention guests, the Zookeeper is about to wake the animals!
Waking the animals...
What's this? Doug, a Dog is waking up!
What's this? Diane, a Dog is waking up!
What's this? Earl, a Elephant is waking up!
What's this? Ellie, a Elephant is waking up!
What's this? Harry, a Hippo is waking up!
What's this? Helen, a Hippo is waking up!
What's this? Hermann, a HouseCat is waking up!
What's this? Heather, a HouseCat is waking up!
What's this? Luigi, a Lion is waking up!
What's this? Lavra, a Lion is waking up!
What's this? Ryan, a Rhino is waking up!
What's this? Rachel, a Rhino is waking up!
What's this? Timmy, a Tiger is waking up!
What's this? Tina, a Tiger is waking up!
What's this? Warren, a Wolf is waking up!
What's this? Whiskey, a Wolf is waking up!
Animals are awake.
Attention guests, the Zookeeper is about to roll call the animals!
Taking roll call...
Doug the Dog barks
Diane the Dog barks
Earl the Elephant trumpets
Ellie the Elephant trumpets
Harry the Hippo splooshes
Helen the Hippo splooshes
Hermann the HouseCat meows
Heather the HouseCat meows
Luigi the Lion roars
Lavra the Lion roars
Ryan the Rhino galumphs
Rachel the Rhino galumphs
Timmy the Tiger growls
Tina the Tiger growls
Warren the Wolf howls
Whiskey the Wolf howls
All present and accounted for!
Attention guests, the Zookeeper is about to feed the animals!
Feeding the animals (more appropriately?)
Doug the Dog consumes Nothing
Diane the Dog consumes Chicken
Earl the Elephant consumes Grass
Ellie the Elephant consumes Grass
Harry the Hippo consumes Nothing
Helen the Hippo consumes Grass
Hermann the HouseCat consumes Nothing
Heather the HouseCat consumes Nothing
Luigi the Lion consumes Chicken
Lavra the Lion consumes Nothing
Ryan the Rhino consumes Nothing
Rachel the Rhino consumes Grass
Timmy the Tiger consumes Chicken
Tina the Tiger consumes Chicken
Warren the Wolf consumes Chicken
Whiskey the Wolf consumes Nothing
Consumables consumed.
Attention guests, the Zookeeper is about to exercise the animals!
Time for a workout...
Doug the Dog galumphs about the living room
Diane the Dog galumphs about the living room
Earl the Elephant frolicks in the grass
Ellie the Elephant frolicks in the grass
Harry the Hippo relaxes on a riverbank
Helen the Hippo relaxes on a riverbank
Hermann the HouseCat galumphs about the living room
Heather the HouseCat galumphs about the living room
Luigi the Lion frolicks in the grass
Lavra the Lion frolicks in the grass
Ryan the Rhino frolicks in the grass
Rachel the Rhino frolicks in the grass
Timmy the Tiger climbs a tree
Tina the Tiger climbs a tree
Warren the Wolf climbs a tree
Whiskey the Wolf climbs a tree
All in a day's work.
Attention guests, the Zookeeper is about to put to bed the animals!
Lights out.
Bedtime for the Dog Doug
Bedtime for the Dog Diane
Bedtime for the Elephant Earl
Bedtime for the Elephant Ellie
Bedtime for the Hippo Harry
Bedtime for the Hippo Helen
Bedtime for the HouseCat Hermann
Bedtime for the HouseCat Heather
Bedtime for the Lion Luigi
Bedtime for the Lion Lavra
Bedtime for the Rhino Ryan
Bedtime for the Rhino Rachel
Bedtime for the Tiger Timmy
Bedtime for the Tiger Tina
Bedtime for the Wolf Warren
Bedtime for the Wolf Whiskey
